{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1720\fi-1720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 PrinterSetup Version History :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b\fs24 \cf0 \
v0061 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Improved reliability of default printer package generation.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
v0060 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added support for Mac OS 10.11 rootless mode and also included support for installpkg version 0.2.0\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0059 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added additional handy scripts for modifying printing access groups on OS X.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0058 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Improved compatibility and support for OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion).\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0057 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Minor updates to the output of batch OS X deployment scripts to keep the order of output information between scripts\
				consistent.\
\
				Added support for name-prefixing with default printer package install scripts.\
\
				Improved Munki support within the example PrinterSetup_OSX_PACKAGE scripts so that package name and package 				version may be readily updated and modified by passing additional parameters to the build script. This should allow\
				updates to more readily deployed when used in conjunction with Munki. Ground work for the potential ability to specify the 				package version and package identifier within the PSF / PLF has also been considered and could now be implemented in\
				a future release.\
\
				Building upon the updated support in the build scripts, a new option has been added to OS X package build scripts. You\
				may now specify an additional environment variable use_psf_or_plf_as_package_identifier="YES" to updated the version\
				and identifier based upon the name of the PSF or PLF and the build time of the package. This further improves integration\
				with Munki.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0056 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added another bundled example pre-printer-setup-script which will remove queues which contain a string within \
				their CUPS queue name and which also point to a specific device. This example script makes it easier to make additional\
				changes to the script and narrow down on the queues they wish to remove. This script is very similar to the example\
				script which removes queues pointing at a specific device.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0055 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Various bug fixes and compatibility enhancements for 10.6 and 10.7. \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0054 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added a helpful script which is designed to assist with the generation of Apple Package installers. \
				This script should be copied to the same parent directory as the PrinterSetup root directory. \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0053 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added a second example script  to process directories of PSF into package installers. These scripts are part of the \
				PrinterSetup_OSX_PACKAGE example within the Deployment directory.\
\
				Also added a third example script to process all PSF files found within the related system and generate package \
				for creating the queue and setting the default printer. In addition the script will also bundle these packages into disk\
				images for easy distribution.\
\
				Added an AppleScript which will allow you to generate Apple packages and images (includes default packages) \
				within the deployment Apple package examples scripts.\
\
				Added a helper script to assists with the generation of Apple Package installers. This script should be copied to the \
				same parent directory as the PrinterSetup root directory. \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0052 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added an example script which builds the packages. This allows scripting of this process without using AppleScript.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0051 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Fixed a minor bug relating to a handy example script which generates images from packages.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
v0050 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Minor fix relating to example default printer package deployment. Updated, the package maker document and build script.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0049 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added example within the dynamic template for finding current location even if there are spaces in the location names\
				\
				Fixed a bug relating to CUPS export of RAW CUPS queues. Export is for RAW queues are now handled even on\
				older version of CUPS.\
\
				Added a process for generating Apple install packages which will set a default printer.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0048 : 
\b0 	\

\b 	
\b0 Minor fix relating Mac OS 10.6 compatibility with installpkg version checking.\
\
\

\b v0047 : 
\b0 	\

\b 	
\b0 Minor modifications to the output if nvram is not specified. \
\
	Resolved major issue relating to generic PPD on Mac OS 10.6\

\b \
\
v0046 : 
\b0 		\
	Minor changes to the Debian/GNU-LINUX printer creation script.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0045 : 
\b0 		\
	Minor improvements to the example package deployment script. \
      \
	Major bug fix for the example package per PDF droplet (now it actually works).\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0044 : 
\b0 		\
	Improved the documentation.\
\
       Added support for paper size within PSF's. This will only work with paper sizes which are supported by the printer PPD.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0043 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				improved cross platform compatibility for various handy scripts.\CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 				\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0042 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added a one second delay to the package building script. This is to improve the reliability of the script\
				when PrinterSetup is hosted on a network share.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7280\tx7840\tx8400\tx8960\tx9520\tx10080\tx10640\tx11200\tx11760\tx12320\tx12880\tx13440\tx14000\tx14560\tx15120\tx15680\tx16240\tx16800\tx17360\tx17920\tx18480\tx19040\tx19600\tx20160\tx20720\tx21280\tx21840\tx22400\tx22960\tx23520\tx24080\tx24640\tx25200\tx25760\tx26320\tx26880\tx27440\tx28000\tx28560\tx29120\tx29680\tx30240\tx30800\tx31360\tx31920\tx32480\tx33040\tx33600\tx34160\tx34720\tx35280\tx35840\tx36400\tx36960\tx37520\tx38080\tx38640\tx39200\tx39760\tx40320\tx40880\tx41440\tx42000\tx42560\tx43120\tx43680\tx44240\tx44800\tx45360\tx45920\tx46480\tx47040\tx47600\tx48160\tx48720\tx49280\tx49840\tx50400\tx50960\tx51520\tx52080\tx52640\tx53200\tx53760\tx54320\tx54880\tx55440\tx56000\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 				The multi package creation (for each) droplet now creates links with relative links to the PrinterSetupFiles directory. \
				This means that the packages are able to be moved\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0041 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added an example droplet which will build an individual Apple Package installer for each \
				PSF file(s) dropped onto the droplet.\
\
				Minor bug fixes.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0040 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Added a basic script which assists with re-using PSF files for a server as client PSF files. \
				The script changes the network address of server PSF files so that they can point to the\
				new server queues. \
\
				Added a script to build the package. This is handy if you need to make lots of packages. \
				The idea is to add further automation capabilities for Mac OS X package building.\
\
				Minor bug fixes.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0039 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Altered the names of the default pre and post hook scripts.\
\
				Changed some of the variable names used for pre and post hook scripts.\
\
				Minor bug fixes.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
v0038 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Minor enchantments to the example dynamic scripts bundled for dynamic deployment.\
\
				Minor bug fixes.\
			\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0037 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Included a new domain specific setup script for Mac OS X dynamic deployment examples.\
				\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0036 : 
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Identified bug with name matching. This issue is yet to be resolved. This issue requires further investigation\
				\
				Ensures room names are capitals when using the link creation script. This change may reverted in the future. \
\
				Added a script to remove queues with specified name prefixes, this is a component to the dynamic deployment\
				system, which is also implemented in this release.\
\
				Implemented a basic dynamic printer management system for OS X. \
				This system is located in the following directory : "/ExampleFiles/Deployment/PrinterSetup_OSX_DYNAMIC
\i "\
\
		
\i0 		Minor improvements to the documentation.\
\
				Minor bug fixes
\i \

\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0035 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Various bug fixes\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 v0034 :\

\b0 	Implemented a AppleScript droplet which will generate PLF from PSF files. \
	This droplet's directory is located within the "Handy Droplets" directory.\
	The directory for this droplet is called "
\f1 PrinterSetupGeneratePLF"\
\
	Improved support for Ubuntu LINUX.
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Improved the CUPS to PSF converter to support older versions of cups.\
\
				Implemented an Apple script to generate PSF files from the local cups configuration.\
				\
				Minor Bug fixes.\
\
			\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0033 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 				Minor enhancements for LINUX print queue creation.\
\
				Minor Bug fixes.\
\
				Improved the CUPS to PSF converter to support older versions of cups. This aspect of the project is still in an infancy stage.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0032 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Various minor improvements\
\
Minor Bug fixes.\
\
Implemented the initial version of an import script for CUPS. This script generates PSF files from the CUPS configuration on the local system.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0031 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Resolved error related to reserved keywords which would occur when exporting to SimplePrint CSV file.\
\
Resolved error relating to setting the default printer when name prefixing subsystem was enabled.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
v0030 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Added experimental support for  batch file generation as a means of  print queue creation on Microsoft Windows.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0029 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Fixed minor issue with the PrinterSetupLinkDroplet.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0028 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Improved login hook support for Mac OS 10.5. Now we use 'sudo' rather than 'su' when setting the default printer for the user.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0027 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Added a network based synchronisation system aimed at a variety of operating systems. It is primarily for use with machines which have been imaged.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0026 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Created an update system for Mac OS X clients primarily designed for Mac OS X clients which have been imaged.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0025 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Added the ability to specify the following prefixes on the command line.\
	Printer Name\
	Printer Location\
	Printer Description\
\
Added a new LinkGeneration Script which will create symbolic links to\
PrinerSetupFiles and PrinterListFiles and place them into the \
PrinterSetupLinks directory.\
\
Added a new Handy Droplet which provides an interface to the new \
link generation script. This provides a graphical way to  generate\
symbolic links to PSF's and PLF's.\
\
Added the PPDs directory in this release. This means you no longer need to\
manually generate this directory if you are using PPD's. Some people prefer\
to have a symbolic link for the PPD's. It can be removed later if it becomes a \
problem.\
\
Added a Link to the PrinterSetupDroplet to the root PrinterSetup directory.\
\
Preliminary work for an automated printer distribution system completed. For\
now this is managed using a temporary directory and some new scripts. This\
approach may be slightly slower. However, it will mean there is a solid\
temporary data store for data manipulation of printer data in the future.\
\
Fixed an issue where the users default printer would not be set when also\
specifying other options on the command line.\
\
Fixed an issue where a partial match of the room number would result in a \
PSF, PSS, or PLF being included, when it was perhaps not an explicit direct\
room number match.\
\
Added support for printer removal to OS X package deployment.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 v0024 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Started preliminary work on Pykota support.\
\
Added some additional example PrinterSetupScripts for use\
 in an educational environment.\
\
Fixed various example scripts so they work with the version of CUPS's \
which is installed by default on Mac OS 10.5.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0023 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Improved Mac OS 10.4.x compatibility with the Package deployment system.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0022 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Minor improvements and bug fixes.\
\
Added support for RAW print queue creation.\
\
Added support to PSF options to state whether the\
cups queue should be published or not published \
upon creation or modification.\
\
Added command line options to override individual PSF\
publishing options.\
\
Updated the import and export scripts to support RAW queues\
\
Updated the import and export scripts to support the additional publishing options.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0021 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Minor improvements and bug fixes.\
\
Added example scripts to assist with the creation of PSF and PLF links for package deployment.\
\
Minor changes to the "ExampleFiles" folder structure.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0020 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Minor improvements and bug fixes.\
\
Upgraded to the GNU GPL version 3.\
\
Added the ability to drop in packages for installation with the package deployment system.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0019 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Minor improvements and bug fixes.\
\
Initial package deployment system.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0018 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Improved Scripts.\
\
Fixed Minor Bugs.\
\
Added basic SimplePrint support scripts. \
	 The ability to generate PSF's files from a SimplePrint CSV file.\
	 The ability to generate SimplePrint CSV files from folders of PSF's.\
\
Added basic printer-setup support scripts\
	 The ability to generate PSF's from a printer-setup PSI files.\
	 The ability to generate printer setup PSI files from folders of PSF's.\
\
Adds Mac OS 10.5 support for printers with generic PPD's\
\
Still looking for windows developers!\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0017 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 More helpful Scripts\
\
Fixed Minor Bugs\
\
Still looking for windows developers!\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0016 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 New PrintingWorks scripts for automation the creation of printers from Printer Setup Files, and for crating the actual PrinterSetupFiles. This is particularly useful if you are creating   multiple queues  in different locations.\
\
Add print queue creation script for Debian 3.1\
\
Added some helpful scripts.\
\
Other minor updates to the PrintingWorks system.\
\
Still looking for windows developers!
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0015 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Improved documentation and some new shell scripts that can start all the print queues on a machine, and that will cancel all print queues on a machine. If anyone has an easier way of doing this, please let me know.  These scripts are a bit extravagant for what they are actually doing. Any help would be appreciated.\
\
Other minor updates\
\
Still looking for windows developers!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
v0014 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Minor updates.\
\
Added the ability to specify a default printer in the PLF, even if there is no associated PSF.
\f1 \
\

\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0013 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Improved the portability of the 
\f1 PrinterSetupDroplet.\
You no longer are required to edit the droplet in order to use it, so long as it stays in its default location.\
\
Added the ability to disable the scripting sub-system from the command line.\
\
Added the ability to override the asset-name setting from the command line.\

\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0012 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Added a handy example script which will restart cupsd before running PrinterSetup. This is useful if you plan to run PrinterSetup in conjunction with Radmind.\
\
Added a sample cupsd.config file which will disable shared printers and only allow administrators to add, delete or modify printers on the local system.\
\
Minor improvements to the PLF processing droplet.\
\
Fixed bug inside the utility CreatePrinter_MacOS104\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0011 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Added a handy droplet which will setup printers from PLF.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0010 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Ability to stop printer setup, from the pre-printer setup hook.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0009 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Support added for post printer scripts.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0008 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Support added for setting user printer settings.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v0007 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Fixed bug relating to PPDs folder setup.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
v0006 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Fixed another  bug relating to PPDs folder setup.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
v0005 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Fixed Bugs Relating to PPDs Folder Setup.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
v0004 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Initial hoook script, added. Export for asset-name NVRAM variable. Added PPD folder option. Made the system more portable.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
v0003 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Initial default printer setup options available for printers\
setup with a PSF (printer setup file). You can create a separate PSF file just for setting the default printer, or the script can manage this task. Ideas on how to improve the default printer subsystem are welcomed.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
v0002 : 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Implemented the PrinterSetupLinks Folder This folder is scanned for any links to PrinterSetupPSF or PrinterSetupPPS This means there is a centralized location for links to be created which point to either printer setup scripts or printer setup files.\
\
This version also includes support for printer setup lists.\
\
However now when the feature is enabled only the symbolic links will need to be pointed into the correct location from the Printer configuration setup area.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1900\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\b v0001:
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2260\fi20\pardirnatural
\cf0 Initial implementation. Basic and working. Has been tested, and will provide an easy path to add the features for a printer setup file, and printer setup lists.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2540\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1620\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}